Suggested changes to "Create planar and geodetic buffers" README (#205)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/create_planar_and_geodetic_buffers/README.md

Geodesic buffers in the far northern and southern regions of the map will extend beyond the map's limits. The visible extent of the basemap in this sample is limited to between approximately +/-85 degrees latitude while geodesic buffers are calculated to extend all the way to the poles (+/-90 degrees). Also, since map view wraparound is active, geodesic buffers that cross the international date line (180 degrees longitude) will be [normalized](https://developers.arcgis.com/flutter/api-reference/reference/arcgis_maps/GeometryEngine/normalizeCentralMeridian.html), resulting in a multipart geometry. This results in a vertical line in the buffer graphic at the dateline.

For more information about using buffer analysis, see the topic How [Buffer (Analysis) works](https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/latest/tool-reference/analysis/how-buffer-analysis-works.htm) in the ArcGIS Pro documentation.

## Tags

> analysis, buffer, euclidean, geodesic, geometry, planar

Author: good catch

Buffers can be generated as either `planar` (flat - coordinate space of the map's spatial reference) or `geodetic` (technique that considers the curved shape of the Earth's surface, which is generally a more accurate representation). In general, distortion in the map increases as you move away from the standard parallels of the spatial reference's projection. This map is in Web Mercator so areas near the equator are the most accurate. As you move the buffer location north or south from that line, you'll see a greater difference in the polygon size and shape. Planar operations are generally faster, but performance improvement may only be noticeable for large operations (buffering a great number or complex geometry).

> Geodetic buffers in the far northern and southern regions of the map will extend beyond the map's limits. The visible extent of the basemap in this sample is limited to between approximately +/-85 degrees latitude while geodetic buffers are calculated to extend all the way to the poles (+/-90 degrees). Also, since map view wrapping is active, geodetic buffers that cross the international date line (180 degrees longitude) will appear with a vertical line on the dateline. Geodetic buffers are generated between +/-180 degrees longitude. Wrapping the map causes the buffer polygons to repeat across the wrapped map. The vertical line denotes the end of one buffer polygon and the beginning of the next. 

Reviewer: you could mention that the vertical line is a result of the geometry being "normalized", resulting in a multipart geometry - https://developers.arcgis.com/flutter/api-reference/reference/arcgis_maps/GeometryEngine/normalizeCentralMeridian.html

Author: Updated description to include normalization.

> Geodetic buffers in the far northern and southern regions of the map will extend beyond the map's limits. The visible extent of the basemap in this sample is limited to between approximately +/-85 degrees latitude while geodetic buffers are calculated to extend all the way to the poles (+/-90 degrees). Also, since map view wrapping is active, geodetic buffers that cross the international date line (180 degrees longitude) will appear with a vertical line on the dateline. Generated geodetic buffers are normalized to exist between +/-180 degrees longitude. Wrapping the map causes the normalized buffer polygons to repeat across the wrapped map. The vertical line denotes the end of one buffer polygon and the beginning of the next. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geodetic buffers in the far northern and southern regions of the map will extend beyond the map's limits. The visible extent of the basemap in this sample is limited to between approximately +/-85 degrees latitude while geodetic buffers are calculated to extend all the way to the poles (+/-90 degrees). Also, since map view wraparound is active, geodetic buffers that cross the international date line (180 degrees longitude) will be [normalized](https://developers.arcgis.com/flutter/api-reference/reference/arcgis_maps/GeometryEngine/normalizeCentralMeridian.html), resulting in a multipart geometry. This results in a vertical line in the buffer graphic at the dateline.
```

Author: @ldanzinger, is there a problem linking to an API specific doc for the common-sample README?
